I am the Dragon King
Win like a minister
Vega Four Seas
National Fate Dragon
And I, Zhang Long, am not worthy of the position
How dare you steal your life
If it weren't for my self-awareness
Don't dare to imagine replacing it
Otherwise, you and I are both sinners of the Dragon Kingdom
How could this be?
You promised me.
I promise you to fight your absurdity
I didn't promise you the title of Dragon King
Do it yourself
Examined my king
unparalleled honor
The king actually refused to succeed
I plead for the people
Did I do something wrong?
Sir, you are right
It's all your fault
If he hadn't made a big fuss about the dragon feast
Will not anger the king
I'll kill you!
Obsessed with unenlightened slaves, stop talking
Lord War God
We come today
Really?
Just to thank the Mad Dragon King for saving his life
Unintentional to disturb the Tenglong smoke
Please forgive me, Lord War God
It doesn't hurt, you are confused.
Even now, you're still defending this psychopath
Lord Tianwang originally promised well
Why did you suddenly change your mind?
Also splitting waves in public
It must be because this lunatic has ulterior motives
Do whatever you want at the Dragon Feast
Angry Lord Tianwang
Please order
I will slay this thief by the sword